Neal Sáles-Griffin: And and it doesn't really get at the underlying drivers of the desire to make more money, for example.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when I'm in this situation. I have this motivation to move forward to make progress so I can get this desired outcome. One helpful way to approach this framework and this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: formula is to start
Neal Sáles-Griffin: backwards.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So work your way from the expected outcome back towards the motivational drivers in the circumstance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: another way of thinking about this formula is problem, solution.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: opportunity and or desired outcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a lot of ways to slice it. But this will become more clear once you start to play with what you already think. The job to be done is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so a week and a half from now, when Lilian is leading a workshop that we refer to as W. 3.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: She's going to have you make an attempt at essentially doing this in a different way. and once you come up with what you think. The job statement is. you're gonna compare that to the data that you actually gather when you're conducting your interviews just to like basically test against it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Anything you want to add here, Liliana.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: good! No, that's exactly right. And I'm gonna do next week.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is Jason.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He made the product that we're forcing you all to use for the program called Base Camp. He's done a bunch of other cool things and but he's been running that business for 25 years. I think they came out with base camp 20 years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've been a user since 2,008.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah. And there's a whole story between he and I. We're we're good friends. He's one of my only investors.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I spent a lot of time working with him in Chicago out of his office, and I've spent a lot of time getting to know him and his team and his company, and a lot of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: their thinking has been kind of embedded into my own personal kind of business. DNA, so a lot of deep connections there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  And he is the reason I got introduced to Bob Mesta, because at his office is where they were hosting these jobs to be done, switch workshops in Chicago. And that was my initial exposure back in like 2013. So like 11 years ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He wrote, he wrote some bestselling books. Has anyone read any of these?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We work as probably the most popular, but they were ahead of the curve on remote work.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The one on the far right. It doesn't have to be crazy at work is a lot of fun to read, but might be hard for a lot of you all to embody currently as startup founders. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: there's a lot there and then. My favorite book is getting real on the far left, which came out in 2,006. But it was the book that inspired me to, you know, study web development, become a software engineer, and, you know, build products myself. So a lot of really really thoughtful kind of counterintuitive thinking, and they're very, very
Neal Sáles-Griffin: well known for being outspoken against venture capital and Silicon Valley. So it's kind of ironic that I'm in the situation I'm in given our relationship. But I'm hoping to bring a lot more of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: their thinking and perspective into this environment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. So some of y'all may know I ran for Mayor of Chicago. If you didn't, it's all good. But, I use basecamp to do it, and that's why you'll see that I'll tell you more about that story in Tahoe, but I use base camp for everything I've used base camp to, you know, manage classes when I was in school. I used it to run my campaign. I used it to, you know, run our team. I've used it for so many things. My personal and professional life.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you know, project management. So here's the deal.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Bob Mesta Ryan, singer, myself, and Jason, freed, did a round of jobs to be done interviews, and we came up with some outcomes from those 15 interviews that we did where we talked to recent customers of base camp. Who were, you know, paying anywhere from
Neal Sáles-Griffin: $30 to $200 a month for the tool, from a variety of payment plans that you know we had at the time. So let's just assume that we did this jobs to be done work. I'm gonna skip the line and get rid of the process. Since I've explained the process for the past few days. I'm gonna show you the result.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there were 4 main jobs that came of talking to 15 customers, reason customers at Base Camp.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Here's the first one
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we can't keep working like this. So what we found was that there were people who were signing up for base camp
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because they were dealing with hair on fire challenges.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There were issues with information being lost being overwhelmed. Lots of notifications, lots of calls, lots of emails. Lots of things that were distracting and frustrating. And it just boiled over.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And there was a moment where they all realized that something has to change, or a single person realized that. And that was what came from the conversations that we had with the most people
Neal Sáles-Griffin: among the 15 that we talked to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: another one was, We can't mess up like that again. I think. Liliana alluded to this, too, in an example yesterday.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but a lot of the times when you're working on behalf of someone else, or you have a client and you do something wrong, or you screw up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There was like this reactive
Neal Sáles-Griffin: moment where they decided, hey, I need to demonstrate to my client and to others that I'm not going to make the same mistake. And this is a way to demonstrate that I have more structure, more organization and more certainty around. What I'm doing, how I'm operating and what I'm offering
Neal Sáles-Griffin: next was this project isn't getting off the ground. So people were signing up for base camp because they realized that there was something missing from their momentum
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to kinda like, get something rolling. They needed wind in their sales, if you will.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So there was this pattern emerging from a lot of folks we talked to who had some sort of need to get real or get serious about a project. And and and signing up for base camp was was enabling that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then last, but not least, how am I going to pull this off?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's almost like you're looking at this mountain that you have to climb, and you're like overwhelmed by the enormity of the task.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So because of that, you wanna juice up, you want something that's gonna help propel you to to progress. So it's kinda like putting on the ironman suit. So with these 4 buckets, it might seem intuitive and easy, and you might be nodding your head like, Oh, okay, this makes sense.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The amount of work that's required to get to this level of clarity and distilling where your customer segments are, and how they stand is much more than meets the eye.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's better and easier said than done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But here's the result in the 2 buckets that we've talked about. So one area that we've talked about utilizing jobs insights is with respect to demand-size sales.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, meeting your customers where they are, knowing what language to share with them, going to your homepage and updating it based on what you've learned and what language they use to talk about their struggling moments. Here's how at the time, once we had these insights basecamp evolved, how it positioned itself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Basecamp solves the critical problems that every growing business deals with.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you go to their site now. It's very different than what you see here cause. This was over 10 years ago, but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the message is still true.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it's still there, and it's still very powerful. And I still use this example for that reason. And it's so fascinating. And and then this is a very common thing, especially among like Silicon Valley, like Y combinator startups and stuff like that. They still rip off of base camp when it comes to language, copy design which I love given that it's it has been until recent years at Chicago Company.
But that being said.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: think of every aspect of how you would communicate when it comes to marketing. Messaging copy. you know. Follow ups all of that. Now, having the language that you derive from the customers that recently signed up for your product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: especially if those customers represent the audience that you want to continue to appeal to or expand your reach in. So that's on the marketing side. Just a quick reference. The other component.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Does anyone remember what the other piece of utilizing jobs post insights would be? So one side is marketing. Sales demand side. What's the other aspect of utilizing jobs?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, there we go. So boom. So what you'll see is, and and this has come a long way to like. It's funny, like Base Camp 3. Now, base camp 4.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's this. And it's it's essentially this, except with a much. I think
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I would refer to as a more modern ui layout at this point. But it's mostly the same thing.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what you're seeing here is these product changes, and the framing of what the features are actually doing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: are oriented around the benefits rather than just saying what the tool does. So it's not to do is get more done. Manage your to dos. It's forget micromanaging. because that's what we heard in the interviews
Neal Sáles-Griffin: was that people were worried about being micro managed. And and that's why where they were struggling to organize their work in a certain way and be transparent about it. messy email threads being replaced
Neal Sáles-Griffin: being overwhelmed with slack and hipchat, and all the notifications, and the always on comp, you know component having documents and files scattered all over the place and not so it's like, what are we replacing
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with each of these components? And it's still true to this day that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I mean most of our company. For that matter, text ours
Neal Sáles-Griffin: manages information in a variety of places and struggles with that information management. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I thought this was a brilliant approach to how to frame things, and I really can't, you know, speak to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the numbers about Base camp. But I'll just say this.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: if people knew their business performance. If you knew it. a lot more people would be paying attention to what they have to say. but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they don't share their numbers. They don't talk about, you know, at at at scale, where they're at in their reach. But it's way more than what people would imagine. They think of them as like a kind of a small company cause there's only like there's less than 100 people that work there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And at the time there were like probably 30 or 40 people there 10 years ago. They're punching way above their weight. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: alright and I wanted to do the same thing. So under Jason's to diligence and others. I built a classroom management tool, and I've been teaching at Northwestern for the past 10 years. I built an app. It's no longer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: around. Ii kind of sunset it because I decided to go a different direction with, you know my work and my business, but I had a great time building an an app. It was basically like my vision was base camp for classrooms, cause I was frustrated in running my own coding school as well as teaching in university with using a lot of these arcane tools. So I put everything in one place with respect to teaching.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I ended up getting some university professors to use it, and had a little bit of traction. But II didn't get too serious with it, because I built it kind of on the side, just as an excuse to learn from the 37 signals guys on product development.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: here is the job formula that I gave you the job story in action. Once I did jobs to be done, interviews for building lantern 2, which I was talking to university professors about and students.
Lilliana Robinson: No, before before you begin, this example is really important, because this is very similar to what you guys are going to present at the end of your whole jobs to be done round, so we won't get into it for a while with your synthesis and analysis. But this is a sneak preview, so that you guys can keep the end in mind while you're performing your interviews.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. And you'll relate to this because most of you all, and have been in some kind of classroom setting at some point. So you can understand from a teaching or teacher perspective what these struggling moments might look like in the university context. So here's the first
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I've got a week before class starts. and it's time to update the curriculum and syllabus.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Sophie is probably, you know, remembering this because she and I are literally doing this like yesterday. And today, right? We just worked on the syllabus, or you just worked on the syllabus. So this is true. When I'm prepping for my next class
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for my class next quarter during the break, I wanna make changes based on what I've learned the last time. So I can have a plan. Stick to it going in each class. And I put that image behind the the screen here for a reason, and miz on plots. So the notion is that, like I have all my ducks in a row, I know what I want to offer how I wanna prepare. And it's not so different than like running a text program. In some respects, too, we always try to improve the content of the curriculum.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's what I heard, not just from my own story, but from interviewing other teachers. There's a prep
Neal Sáles-Griffin: time that goes into before starting the class.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then in class, this part of class didn't go as planned. I need to adjust what we're doing. So we teach a 3 h class. It's pretty long. A lot comes up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when I'm teaching, and something doesn't go according to plan, I want to make an adjustment to the class in real time, so I can keep my students engage and not feel disorganized. This will disrupt the syllabus. This will disrupt your course. Plan what homework you assign what the follow up needs to be who you invite to the next class, like all types of things, come up as you go, that you need to make audables and adjustments for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and then, last, but not least, did I teach a successful class today. So when I'm done with class for the day. I want to know what will well and what could be better. So I can make adjustments for next class and next time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So this is a great reminder that even in the past couple of days I've been doing jobs to be done workshops for y'all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: One thing that we haven't done effectively is actually get your feedback on how that's going and iterate on that feedback for the next session.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Like ideally over the past few days, I would have learned what worked and what didn't, so that we could show up today with a better version of the same. You know, session but the alternative now is to still get your feedback implement thoughts and ways to improve how we run these sessions and workshops with you for next week
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and for our next programs in the fall that we would run
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so that, all being said, those are 2 examples of, you know, outcomes that you all could imagine presenting and and can embody yourselves. But just know that that's just the beginning of the journey, right? So the job all of this stuff we've been talking about is one component to an important formula of combining your understanding of the job to be done
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with the patterns of what's possible, both technologically as well as you know, just from a demand side perspective. What's, you know? Valuable to the user to experience. And then that's how you formulate either a product concept or product improvements.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So with that. what we're facing over the next couple of weeks is a challenging of your assumptions. and it's going to become, if not already
Neal Sáles-Griffin: canonical foundation for all of your product sales and growth strategies moving forward. So it's almost like the seed that you plant that becomes the the the root
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and the base for the tree that's growing. That is your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  it's by far one of the most differentiating factors that I've seen at the early stage for founders, because so few people, truly, at an in depth way, understand this framework?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So with respect to this, I don't think we need to actually take a few minutes to do it. So I think this is a helpful exercise. It's also referred to in the book. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I think it's important for each of you to think about this, whether this is gonna be a good use of your time, because at the end of the day. We're imploring each of you to do this. But you're all adults. So you don't have to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay at the end of the if you're like, hey? I really don't think this is a good use of my time. I'm gonna respect that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But I would love to make sure that we are on the same page about your understanding of your customer. So if you think that this is already one level below where you're at with your understanding and your traction and progress
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all due respect. I got you, and we're happy to move on to the next phase and and expedite where you're at.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's so uncommon and so rare. And I'm telling you, businesses that are making tens of millions of dollars, if not hundreds of millions of dollars are still iterating on jobs and still applying this framework to their progress and growth.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So hopefully, you're getting the message there. But
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  I'll just end with this quote from Bob, which I think is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: something that is almost like one of my mantras. With respect to to business these days the struggling moment is the seed for all innovation. Find where people struggle. If they're not struggling, they're not buying.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So a lot of people will go back and ask. At the beginning of these, you know. 3 days, I said, like, what's the problem that you're solving? And then they struggle and they start talking about solution. I go tell me a story.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that struggling moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's another way to reframe the same question. When you talk to people in the elevator, or very quickly, you have a limited time to talk about what you're doing. Try to focus on the struggling moment of the individual you're supporting. And once you identify that, I think these mentor conversations. You're going to have the investor conversations you're gonna have being a part of our program are gonna go a lot better.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  yeah. So another thing that Bob said to me a long time ago was, contrast creates meaning.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's re repurposed this quote a few times.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but I wanted to leave you all with that. And then one other thing that I promise, which are the questions to ask during interview itself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'm gonna just show you all of them, and then I'll call out a few that I think are really helpful.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Boom, okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so I'll talk about a few of these that I think are helpful, and then I would love to field any questions that you all have about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: how relevant any of these questions may be. But, like we said, we don't go into jobs to be done interviews with
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a script. but there are a few
Neal Sáles-Griffin: generally framed prompts and questions like these that can help drive you along to fill out your timeline. So when I ask who was with you, or was anyone else involved in the purchasing decision when you were deciding to buy who was in the room?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What were the alternatives? You considered? A lot of people forget to ask that because there's so focus on the purchase that was made. But what were the alternatives? What was the best thing? What was good enough?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Asking them, following up and saying, Why didn't you choose them
Neal Sáles-Griffin: those win questions that we had a good encore conversation once our meeting yesterday ended talking about the power of when, as opposed to why  asking about a product or an experiences deficiencies. What were its shortcomings before
Neal Sáles-Griffin: having people talk about what was going around them that day, what they were doing, recapping their day. Where did they start it? Where did they end it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  And then.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maybe some of these other later questions towards the end. Here, how do you normally approach using or choosing a new product
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so so that it enters a more amorphous land. But at the same time it can bring people back to recalling certain details about what you want to talk to them about. But yeah, asking about time of day, asking about who you were with, and then kind of navigating around the contrast of what wasn't working.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or why what they had already wasn't adequate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Tend to lead you down a road where you have a deeper understanding, and it opens up the conversation even more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  yeah, so hopefully, this is addressing. I forgot who asked me for this
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yesterday, but I hope I answered your question by sharing some of these tips and tidbits.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Any questions about these questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good. Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So to conclude.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: jobs to be done can inform your business decisions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: can change the way you market your company. It can influence the language you use to describe your product.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It can change where you're advertising what channels you're leveraging. It can change how you're selling who you're selling to. It's not about a particular industry. It's not about demographics. It's not even about the competitive. You know, landscape.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's all about the situation that the person you're trying to help is in the reality that they're trying to wrangle. and the progress that they're trying to make
Neal Sáles-Griffin: welcome to tech stars. You've now been indoctrinated in the ways of jobs to be done.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: any questions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: game on. Let's go.
Lilliana Robinson: We have some questions. Now, Dotan.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: Yeah, thanks. Just a quick question. So when a company is completely new and doesn't, don't have any users or haven't had any sort of interviews. I can see the path being relatively straightforward, but if you already have tens of users and already have done some interviews, you may have your head filled in with certain patterns you've picked up along the way. And so in this case, I wonder how you suggest dealing with that, how to kind of forget what you need to forget, and keep in mind what you need to keep in order to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have a strategy in mind, Dot, about who you like. What more you want? Right? You want more people to to be like served by you. Right? You want more customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So if you have an idea on who more like you want of? If you have those people within your current customer, base meaning models of them
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that you want to talk to them, to understand how to find more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: If you don't have them within your customer base, and you'll have to do. You have to treat it almost like a new business, or you have to find a new segment, a new struggling moment, that you're unpacking and understanding from
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. But either way you need to either talk to your current customers or to new potential customers about their struggling moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I hope I'm not talking too abstractly by describing it that way, but, like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yes, you'll have to get out of your own head. But even by talking to your existing customers, you're going to learn new things.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: Do you suggest sort of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: trying to forget the patterns we have learned so far, and coming to it with an open mind, or try to come with it with a pattern we have already observed so far, and take them with us to the interview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's a couple answers to it. one.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What we would traditionally say, especially those of us who've taught jobs is, don't go in with any preconceived notions and assumptions
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you are. You will benefit the most. If you have complete
Neal Sáles-Griffin: open mind to what you're going to learn and find out. I offer a compromise, though. because I realize at this stage, as founders. You all need to be
Neal Sáles-Griffin: extremely confident in what you're doing. You need to cause you're crazy. You're starting a new company. You're founding a business. You have to have conviction about that. You can't just go. Well, I don't know anything, and I'm gonna talk these people, and maybe I'll find out. No, no, no, you you didn't. I didn't invest in you because you weren't sure I invested in you, because you all believe that you could build your business. So that being said, my compromise is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: go in with what you think the job is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and if we are pleasantly surprised that you are spot on
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with your understanding of jobs. All I'm asking for is a couple of weeks of effort to validate that you are spot on with your understanding already.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There has, and almost never. I don't think there's ever been a case
Neal Sáles-Griffin: where someone has done that and been exactly right
Neal Sáles-Griffin: has never happened in in the history of my existence. I've been on this earth for almost 37 years. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's see if one of you all prove me wrong, and you think of the job, and then we do the research together and then at the output. The job is exactly what you said it was. I don't know if that will happen. But I would love, for you know I would love to to to, you know, to find that out. I will say, though
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will brag for a moment. We're going to teach you all financial modelling. Troy. Hannahkoff himself is going to come and teach you financial modeling. The one thing that we always say about a financial model is that it's wrong.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: However, I think when I started my business cause, Troy taught me.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I built a financial model.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and it was pretty much dead on right. I was so proud like I've designed it. I executed it, and when I to launch my business, and I started making money, and and I had customers, and I plugged it into the model. It was pretty much one to one what I predicted it would be, and I was so proud.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But that never happens. So good luck. So hopefully answered your question, Dotan.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Good Christy.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Yes, my questions around like the the the best person to conduct. The jobs to be done. Interview
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: because a lot of the our system customers we have. It's it's it's all founder led. Ii feel like if I'm doing it, I would be inserting some kind of bias and I know you recommended, you know.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: having at least 2 people do it. But I'm just wary that if I'm there
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: that it may actually be counterproductive.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you're you're you're worried because
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: what will happen if you're there, because they know you. Wh what are you? This is exactly what this happened a couple of times today, my co-founder, Michelle. It's like phenomenal, I mean, just watching her. II get super impressed. Just very empathetic. And she's really embrace. This whole framework. What what happens is that the customers?
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: because I'm there. I feel like they're very complimentary
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and it's kind of embarrassing for me, and I feel like we have to kind of get quickly past that. So if you have any guidance
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: on how I you know on how we can kind of just minimize, because if if they're if they're flattering me.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: then
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: they're more concerned about saying the right things to me, cause I'm there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you can still get them to talk to you. You can. You can do it. You can get them to genuinely talk, I believe, like I I've done it. So what happens is. Yes, there's there's a moment of ceremony where there's gratitude, and there's like, Wow, I'm talking to the CEO of the company. You're the founder of this. Thank you so much and like there's all that. But then eventually, you start to ask real questions and you start to get into what's going on in their life, and you realize that if so long as you don't talk about you yourself too much, or your business or your product, and you get back to them in their story. The situation becomes real.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Yeah, because I mean, I do have that, you know, rapport with them. So I feel like II should be able to help them, you know. Open up and there's that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, postless already. So II yeah, I need to just tap more into that. You got it. Yeah, and we can help you to if you record your sessions. And there's a a a clip within your your conversation that you're like I was struggling in this moment to like, actually figure out what to say or respond with, to actually get them to refocus.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: We. We can review the tape with you if you will, and we we did record some interviews already. And we we did it on on Ducktail. So maybe we'll just. We'll go back to those interviews.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That's it's a sports analogy. But that's what we do right. If anybody's here played sports, you play a sports game. You have a competition. Afterwards you go watch what happened and what was going on, and then you learn so much from reflecting on it. The same thing with jobs.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: I love that we're we're founder athletes. Yeah.
Ferrona Lie: Neil, can I add one more thing I had this similar concern when I was doing my jobs to be done. And my 2 sons about that is that if if you're doing it right, they won't even talk about you, or things related to the company at all. They're just gonna talk about their experience. So it's almost no room for them to
Ferrona Lie: to, I guess. Be complementary to your your business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Umhm.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's great. Doug.
Doug Rogers: Yeah, yeah, thanks.
Doug Rogers: How does the I guess, for at a high level and then also maybe getting some of the nuance of how the the jobs to be done. Framework is augmented when you're in a A B 2 B space
Doug Rogers: like we're we're primarily selling to businesses, and some some like to to keep kind of further going with what you were talking about when you talk about like the morphine versus like the the annoyance
Doug Rogers: our solution is like in A B to B to C situation. Our solution is the morphine
Doug Rogers: to the C in that situation, but for the middle B, the people, the businesses that we're selling to it. I wouldn't categorize it that because we're trying to open up a whole new basically asset class a whole new area of business for them. So it's not a a pain point for them per se.
Doug Rogers: That's one of the things we're kind of struggling, threading that needle, and then trying to put everything in the context of
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all of this advice. But you know, in A, B to, you know, for B to B rather than B to C, yeah, on the on the B to B side, is there a sub group of people in that B to B situation where it does happen to be an extreme need
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, there is a smaller subset of customers there that actually have the the pain on the business side
Doug Rogers: bins.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: Yeah, that's where you know, we actually started off. B, 2 C realize, is scale better helping other businesses access underwriting for high-risk borrowers quote unquote.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: And we are helping other Fintech realize that there is this market opportunity, and we are the first mover. And that's part of the problem which is. We know there's this morphine need by the end consumer borrowers. But it's not being facilitated by today's lenders, and that's where, like they don't feel that there's a need here, but it's only because they don't realize how much demand there is. If they were to have better AI to improve their lending outcomes so they don't think that it's possible to do what we're enabling
Neal Sáles-Griffin: non-consumption. Yeah. So we wanna study non-consumption in you. All's case. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That being said, as soon as you find the people who, even if most people don't even know that there's a better way of of of doing business, the ones that you find that have a more acute need become the case studies and examples and the evidence to guide everyone else along down the path.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we didn't even know that life could be this good. It reminds me of like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I don't know if you all remember a time where we didn't have wireless headphones. Does anyone remember that is in in my tool? Okay, there was a time, right? We didn't have wireless headphones. And then all of a sudden.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Bluetooth technology enabled it. But it didn't really become real until Apple did it, because other people weren't taking the other Bluetooth, you know, headsets as seriously except us in nerd. So that being said, Now you can't go back.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you you use wire headphones. You're like, what? What am I doing like? How am I even living like this. But there, there's always a time when they didn't realize it was
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so. I think you all are in that position. I know I made a B to C example, but like, there's a B to B version of the same thing, where, as soon as the the dam breaks and you have one shining, prominent example on the business side of the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of an outcome. I think you can. You like, you're gonna basically share that story far and wide
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in in a deep in depth case study like way that will make people realize that it's time to actually do business differently. And I'll work with you all directly on that, so I can't answer your question fully in this session, but like 100, we'll get the prime like, dial down the B Twob. Front on demand side. And I think, along with that, one other thing is for the other companies that might be going for higher value. Lower number, high touch white glove kind of sales process, I think a lot of that will overlap as well for them.
Umhm.
Vincent Lucero | DubPrime: yeah, I think it's that the Enterprise sales being much different beast when there's fewer number of buyers, but also the conversation around the decoupling of when in the B to B to C space when the buyer. That's the consumer that has the demand is different than the person you're trying to sell to that being the gener, the general pattern. Yeah, yep, yep. And and you're gonna have to do extra work because of that. So you're gonna have to do multiple rounds of like analysis to actually understand all the different competing needs.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So yeah, that's that's totally a part of it, too. One cautionary note for all of you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, be careful, because the reason that a lot of founders end up not getting funded. And the reason you end up not making any sales is because you fall into the very simple status of a solution looking for a problem.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have it in your head that you're convinced that this is a need like they need this. I know that they need this. but the demand isn't there, and there's nothing you can do about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is the the bedrock for so many struggling companies where the founder is just absolutely convinced that this is a demand side need
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no evidence, and all they have is supply. That's a lot of technical founders who built brilliant. really cool, technical tools. but they don't have anyone paying them any money for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so we'll get there. Ally.
Ale - AWEAR: Yes, thank you. So in the case where unlike others, were pre-product. So there's there's no customers using our product just yet, right? So we talked about it yesterday. The best approach is looking at the competitive landscape and think you know, going through how consumers bought our competitor? Value proposition?
Ale - AWEAR: My question is a in in some of the user categories that we've identified, together with Antonio. There's not necessarily a direct competitor, that what does one on one what we do? Hopefully, thank God, there's there's a number of adjacent competitors.
Ale - AWEAR: You know, like wearable devices that are monitoring continuously certain biometrics.
Ale - AWEAR: A what would be your advice to
Ale - AWEAR: narrow it down for the jobs to be done. Like, do we choose the competitor that is closest to us, do we? You know, do we do go across multiple competitors like we choose customers that have purchased, you know, different brands in in in different things. What's gonna give us the most information
Ale - AWEAR:  in in in the second part of the question is.
Ale - AWEAR: some of these devices I call them adjacent competitors because they're measuring, not just, you know, like the same biometrics or measuring. They're they're measuring others. So should we screen our users on the basis of the motivation?
Ale - AWEAR: That they had in mind when they acquired those those devices? In the first place. So
Ale - AWEAR: 2 parts of the question, how do we choose the competitor to go against? And should we screen our users on the basis of what was their motivation? This is why the exercise of framing the learning question is so important.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So you need to decide what you want to learn.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And you started to answer that question in the second half of what you're asking. because you're talking about different competitors that are adjacent or further away motivations of the users and customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: My rays to you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is start from the desired outcome.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: What desired outcome are you trying to afford
Neal Sáles-Griffin: which ones of those competitors could teach you the most, because the
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the their customers are in pursuit of the outcome that you want to also provide, but perhaps in a slightly different way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You want to understand what drove them to pay someone else money to make that progress simple enough.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we'll review your learning question along with your screening criteria in the next week or 2. And as we do that oh, actually, this week, I think it's happening. We're having one on one with with Sophie and Kater and and and Chloe, you're helping out with that. So as we review what you have make sure that you've done the work to understand what
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you actually want to find out from talking to another round of customers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Simple enough.
Lilliana Robinson: Neil, can you go to the slide. That's like the 7 steps of JTVD. I think it's where we left off on the first time.
Lilliana Robinson: because
Lilliana Robinson: I just wanna explain, like the order of events, Neil, reference, the learning objective that is going along with your screening criteria.
Lilliana Robinson: So when you meet with our team, you're going to each be framing a learning question or a learning objective. And that actually sets the stage for your jobs to be done. A lot of people think that you just go in and you just learn what you learn. But it's a lot more like the scientific method where you're making a he something that you would like to learn more about.
Lilliana Robinson: and framing those learning questions informs your screening criteria. So you see, you frame the learning question first, and that's dependent on your business and your needs right now, are you pre product? Are you trying to figure out who to even sell to? Are you trying to figure out why your conversion isn't happening as well as it should. Are you trying to figure out why you can't sell into these businesses? All of those things are completely different, and could all refer to the same business.
Lilliana Robinson: but they would come out with a completely different screening criteria and sets of job to be done. Interviews and a completely different outcome.
Lilliana Robinson: And a lot of people in recent programs have been doing multiple rounds, even with the same
Lilliana Robinson: perceived group with different learning questions. So even if you're doing your purchasers and not users, you can do multiple sets and change your learning question each time and get something different out of it each time. So I think it's really important to understand. With our team, you're gonna be going through, each of you is gonna frame learning questions, then create your screening criteria, then you find them. Do the individual interviews with them.
Lilliana Robinson: followed by a debrief for each one. Then we'll teach you in a future workshop in week, one how to analyze the patterns, and after that you'll be able to present your full jobs to be done
Lilliana Robinson: like analysis at the end. And then, after that, is the implications and prototyping which I think someone was asking about at the end of the session yesterday, that iteration. What happens after we come up with our jobs to be done? Are we running experiments to see if it works? And the answer is yes, and that's step 7.
Lilliana Robinson: So that's really the outline here. And I think it's really important that you understand it. And what step we're in in the process.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I also hope it's clear like what we're talking about. Like, it's it's a totally different ball game to just send you all this information
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, I hope you realize we try to do that during the application process, right? Like we just throw like, here's the job. So you're done framework. Listen to the mattress interview. Try to do these things, and I hope that over the past 2 and a half days
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you realize, like there's a lot more than meets the eye, and there's a lot more under the surface. because I'm just scratching the surface by talking about it so quickly over these 3 days, whereas this is a discipline that you could
Neal Sáles-Griffin: study and practice for years, and still not be a master of.
So.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Andy.
If you have a business model where you have 2 types of users like a marketplace with buyers and sellers.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is there a framework to? And they're kind of both purchasers. For example, you charge your sellers a listing fee, and the buyers obviously buy into, and you make a commission off them.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Is there a framework like? Do you treat them as both, and kind of run the process twice, or is there a framework to like prioritize one versus the other? You you run the process twice, and you prioritize whichever one will either teach you most about the problem first, or that for some business reason, you have a need to prioritize. So one like thing that we've said, you know, past couple of days is focus on whoever is gonna pay you
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but if both groups are paying you like you've alluded to. Then you need to find a way to run both experiments, either simultaneously or one after the other.
Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: thank you. Great question. Snow.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Hi! So, as you know, we are building the tools that our customers can make some solutions by themselves for their meetings.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So II understand that there must be some common the needs and the stuff to be done. But when I get into the interview, if I go deeper it's quite varied. So there, there are various the vertical industries people so their needs can be different from each other, because that we are providing the tools that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they can make those solutions by themselves. I I'd like to learn if there is any tips for the stuff to be done, yeah, for sure. So I'm gonna use the example that I like overuse, which is base camp. But, as you can imagine, snow do like base camp right now, Frame is a tool for anyone to get things done right. It's a project management tool and come one come, all lots of people can sign up, for with so many different situations.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Do you think that's how they started?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Where do you think they started
Snow Lee / Runbear: a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: using that by themselves? They use it for themselves. But who were they? They were web designers.
Snow Lee / Runbear: So they were doing software consulting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So when they originally launched base camp, it was for people like them. It was for web designers, software consultants to make progress, and then they spun over to you know, a few other domains within the same industry, and very slowly but surely went beyond that focused niche
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to broader segments.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's not a abrupt thing. And one thing I've had to work with lots of tech stars founders on is that y'all come in here and we're investing. And I asked you the 1 billion dollar startup question. And you're like, Well, it's gonna be all of these people and all of these markets and all this stuff. And I'm like, Hold on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: we just want 100 customers like, if what I mean, I'm I'm pretty sure most of you would not deny all 100 more customers. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Those 100 customers that you're gonna get next aren't all gonna fit into
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 100 different industries or situations, and if anything, you would benefit from directing your energy and focus to a subset of people who fit a more specific situation and struggling moment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So my advice to you for run bear right now, Snow, and we'll work with you directly on this, like everyone
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is, figure out
Neal Sáles-Griffin: particular customer segment that you want to more deeply understand. One helpful tip that comes up a lot here is, I'll say, among the customers that you already have are users.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who do you want more of? And why?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Right? Cause you don't want them all? Or maybe you do. Maybe you have perfect customers across the board, but there's probably a few that are like super users, or some that you are helping way more, or they're super loyal, or they're like, shut up and take my money. You should have charged me more like the ones who'd be willing to pay more or make more progress. You want more of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so understand them. Better do the work to understand who is getting disproportionate value from what you're offering, and once you get to know them, you can go. Maybe I can find more of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So I'll talk to you more about what that looks like. Hopefully, I'm starting to answer your question.
Snow Lee / Runbear: That makes sense. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Marcel.
Marisel Polanco: Hi, Neil, what's up?
Marisel Polanco: I'm so using cord. Look! My question is
Marisel Polanco: it's getting more clear and clearer every day. So that's good. like III have a clear understanding of what I want to learn. But now it's like, how do I choose
Marisel Polanco: cause it's so many options right? Right now we have a product
Marisel Polanco: that is out there. But we're pivoting. We're we're trying to get to make to make better what we have, and introducing something else in a nutshell, so do I.
Marisel Polanco: My question is, and that might work for some annually founders, do I tag? Do I go to the people that
Marisel Polanco: rejected our product that I know? And I have still the contact of? Do I go to the people that are still using our product, and that they seem happy and and is working out or
Marisel Polanco:  I know what I want more off, but I also so curious to see wh. Why, of those that I want more of did not sign up.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's like, do I? Well, they have a they have a better existing alternative. Right?
Marisel Polanco: Ii don't know. They're saying no to you, because they're saying yes to something else. I actually, as far as I know they just
Marisel Polanco: as far as I can tell, by just doing my own research and and going back to those people. They just did not. They not get someone else.
Marisel Polanco: Some people, they, some people, did get someone else. And I know exactly who the competition is for this 16
Neal Sáles-Griffin: talk to the people who said no to you, and yes to something else. The people who said No to you and yes to nothing else, weren't going to be your customers anyway. Right. It's the people who are saying yes to something else that you want to better understand.
Marisel Polanco: Okay, will you go? I get. My question is, would I better go with those people like I think I will learn more from them than from my existing customers that seem to be happy. Well, maybe I wouldn't mix it up. I would I would choose Elaine with the screening criteria. So people who hire a different tool or different than talking to people who've been a customer of you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You have to decide. If you want to better understand your existing customers or the people who are using a competing, you know solution.
Marisel Polanco: Okay.
Marisel Polanco: choose one of those camps to do the research around one of those camps. Got it? Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: thank you. Yeah. Tuesday.
Tunde IO: yeah. Thanks. Neil. I think for the answer that she gave tomorrow. Still, actually something that I was thinking about. So yeah, that's a good answer. I might also part of the quote gang still. There's one more person, I think, much. I might be the last person on call that still has a quote. So we're we felt a bit attacked. Yeah, so question it's a bit of a because you've probably done so many of these over the years. When I was looking at the the
Tunde IO: questions that are suggested that we, one of one of them, is around the environmental factors when the person made that decision. Obviously.
Tunde IO: there are people. When you get to the interview they're gonna be a bit like, wh? Why are you asking me what the weather was like? Why are you asking me what time of day was? And so just how do you deal with those objections around people that think? Well, I already gave you some of my time. Don't waste my time asking about the weather. You might remember this yesterday. I kind of shared a little bit of an introductory script like when you introduce yourself what to say.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Part of it is like, Hey, we're gonna ask really detailed questions. Sometimes it'll come off a little strange. So you you're almost prefacing. You're setting the expectation that you're it's going to be a different conversation than what they might be used to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so and and there they it creates a sense of mystery for the subject as well. They're like, what what do you mean by that? Like? What kind of questions you about to ask me. So it's it's kind of funny. How you do it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But if you notice there's a way to do it without them even knowing. So my advice there would be, and you'll know this because we'll demonstrate it in a few minutes. We'll give you an example. Do it. Live with somebody here in this room. But bob is like a master at this. So the mattress interview. If you go back a third time and listen to it. You're gonna hear examples of him doing that without the guy really realizing what he's doing.
Tunde IO: So thank you. Yeah, Mark.
Mark Kirzhner: I should. We prepare for the one on one sessions. Should we bring a person to interview, or something else?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Liliana?
Lilliana Robinson: Yes, say one more time.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: He's asking how to prepare for the session for the initial session. What to bring?
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah. I think
Lilliana Robinson: as taking a stab at your screening criteria would be helpful, and then they can help you shape it and refine it, have an idea of what learning questions would be helpful, or rather, what objectives you're trying to get out of the round.
Lilliana Robinson: and then they can help you shape it and get it much more specific. I promise every single one of you who writes a screening criteria before you go in there. It's going to be much, much too. General, you're gonna be surprised by how narrow and specific it actually needs to be in order to have a successful round of jobs to be done. That is because if you do this wide variety
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of people and you don't narrow it down, you're not going to get as many insights out of the small amount of interviews that we do. So because it's a 10 to 15 interview set. I always say this. Yeah, Neil, did you wanna add something? I just realized how counter intuitive this is because they're all trained to talk to us investor folk
Neal Sáles-Griffin: by saying all of the people that they can appeal to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and we're literally telling you to do the opposite thing. So I apologize for the counter framing here. But like, we're literally saying, we don't care about this big market. And all these people you think you can appeal to. All we care about are like 10 people that exist in the world that have a very specific, narrow situation that you think you can address
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right?
Lilliana Robinson: Absolutely. Yeah. So something I've I haven't said it in this lecture series yet. But something I usually say to the founders is, I studied to be an engineer. So like, I have a very analytical mind. That's just the way it works. So when Neil initially told me when I was a student many years ago, we're only gonna do 10 to 15 interviews. I was very concerned about the data set, and it being a small selection pool and things like that.
Lilliana Robinson: But the reason that it works is because of this screening criteria. So you're making this very, very narrow set, so much so that the interviewee should be relatively the same person like theoretically. But those little differences in the interviews are what the trend like will emerge. If you make your screening criteria much too vague, then you're actually not going to be able to pull many insights because each interview is going to be so different.
Lilliana Robinson: And I've had some founders come to me and say I'm not seeing many trends, because all these interviews, their stories are like coming from all different ways.
Lilliana Robinson: It sounds like they all have a lot of different forces, and they're not really meshing. There aren't patterns emerging, and that shows me that their screening criteria was much too vague. So just keep that in mind when Kate and our other team members help you to narrow it down. That's gonna help. You have a really accurate
Lilliana Robinson: pool of insights in the end.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great, thank you. Lisa.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Hi, when we talk about narrowing it down, we really talking just about the problem, right? So it's the the feeling rather than
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: cause. I was wondering when it's only 10 people do we try to stick to what we identified as our ideal audience in the sense of social socio graphics? Right? Or do we like a family as well, or someone who's a little bit outside of that realm as long as the problem is the same? Or do you want it narrow in both sides.
Lilliana Robinson: Well, I wanna challenge you to remember, like the screening criteria should have nothing to do with sociographic or demographic.
Lilliana Robinson: It has only to do with a situation. So that's kinda why I jokingly said, do you see that this situation we're describing could be like a young child? That's my neighbor. It could be my grandparent, and it could be any of us. It's because it is
Lilliana Robinson: a situation, and that's much more important than any sort of data. Now, their situation may have some things to do with demographics. For example, it could be that you're in a marriage or something like that. And that's where the situation comes up. We had a company last program. That was people who are in a relationship living together. And it was a product to help them. So that was actually inherent in the situation that they would find themselves in.
Lilliana Robinson: But, Lisa, something else that can help you. Yeah, exactly, Jaylis. Po exist.
Lilliana Robinson: Something else that can help you is to start with the learning objective. So we're not just gonna go interview who we've I already may have identified as the Icp.
Lilliana Robinson: You're gonna interview. Who will help you to get the insights for whatever learning objective you have for this round. So it's not just, oh, this is who I think my customer is. I need to go interview them and see. What are you trying to get out of it?
Lilliana Robinson: So maybe it's a smaller, it's not a, it's not a feeling, it's an action.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They took an action. And that action is what you're trying to unpack and understand. So the impetus for the interview itself, like when you sit down with them. they did something. You hired a therapist
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and you you start. You started working with a therapist in the past 6 months. What? What gives right? We're here to talk about that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So so just ground yourself, not in in a in a feeling or a category, but in an actual literal circumstance or situation that they struggled through. and they made a purchase or an action to make progress.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Hmm! Even if and I think that's what we ended up with yesterday. Even if that action is just like expended energy, because it wasn't, it wasn't. There's no service that does that yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's no one to talk to who's going above and beyond to make progress
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like that's once you've tapped out on the fact that someone is putting either money or real effort down to make progress.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Then you can kind of fall back to that. But usually there is.
Lisa Hennessy (she/her), Travaras: Okay. Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Jeremy.
Jeremy Banning: Hey, guys, so just doubling down back on a point that was brought up earlier, does it make sense to leverage the jobs to be done in order to position and messaging differently to different situations, investors versus potential customers. And is it okay? If that messaging ends up becoming at odds for
Jeremy Banning: you. You've come and touched on it. being at odds with what like. Let's say that whole market size, right? Like, yeah, you're focusing here. But like that.
Jeremy Banning: you know, being being that to the investors it may not be like the only while, but focus to the customer. It's like, Hey, we're talking to the customer but
Neal Sáles-Griffin: a couple of things here. So now we'll move into like some some fundraising coaching. Let's just skip to month. 3 real quick guys just for a hot second. I love Jeremy's question, so we'll skip to month 3 for a hot second month, 3
Neal Sáles-Griffin: when you talk to investors like, let me tell you, there's 2 types of founders that like for the most part, that we deal with on the investment side, there's the founders who are like trying to convince us of something. And then there's the founders who are just sharing what they're doing, and they're giving investors an opportunity to potentially participate.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: My job is to teach y'all how to be in bucket 2 and not bucket one bucket. One is I want to convince an investor to bet on me. Bucket 2 is I'm giving all y'all investors an opportunity to make some money with me because I'm gonna go do it either way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So the trains leaving the station you might be able to get a ticket, but it won't be a discount. So that's the idea of coming out of tech stars. So that being said
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the energy you're gonna bring to those conversations to frame. The demand side of your understanding is that we
Neal Sáles-Griffin: understand something that most people don't or others don't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're serving a very specific and deliberate group of customers right now, for this reason. But there's a much larger group
Neal Sáles-Griffin: of customers across a variety of segments and situations that we know over time. We're going to appeal to as well, and we have a strategy to get there.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's the way you talk about it
Neal Sáles-Griffin: is you're sharing with them what you are already planning to do because you have a strategy to target those additional groups.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So it's less about reframing jobs to fit the needs and expectations of an investor, and more about just very deliberately sharing your actual business strategy in a way that alludes to deeper insights than what most people have available to them.
Jeremy Banning: Got it? Is that tracking? Jeremy? Okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. So a. And just so, you know, like I'll I'll share again more anecdotes in my actual story. Since I've worked at like 4 Vcs. Over the past 18 years, but, like the only true pattern amongst venture firms that I've worked at, and techstars, for that matter, is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: the best deals that get done the fastest with the most favorable terms to founders, and the best outcomes with the founders are the deals that the Vcs are in pursuit of.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: not the other way around. So when I'm at that Monday morning, general partner meeting with the Vc. People I've learned from.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: There's always deals being discussed and debated and negotiated. But then there's always like these exceptional deals that they're talking about where they're trying to get a meeting with the founder, or they're trying to get an audience with them, because the founder is just cruising like they're doing their thing, and they're building their business. And they're deciding who to even take meetings with. Now I know I'm telling a very rosy, perfect story of an ideal situation that most of us won't get to, but at the very least we owe it to ourselves to try
Neal Sáles-Griffin: to get to the level where we can take or leave any Vc. Meeting.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's my investor. Rant
Neal Sáles-Griffin: cool. Thanks, Christy.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: And just to add to that II love, love, love, everything that you said. It's also being able to attract investors that are aligned with your values. Right? Right? But my question. I want to get some guidance here. So we have 2 segments. We want to learn more on the second segment, which are the the retailers. Our. Our unique situation is that we work through a partner
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: who ultimately owns the the retail clients, and so
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: the initial one we did is we interviewed a partner because they're essentially kind of licensing it. But the ultimate joint solution
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: is for the retail clients. So do we ask our partner if we can interview the retail clients, the ultimate buyers like B to B to. B,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah. So you, you, in a way, would be doing them a favor. Right? So you need to make sure that they're bought into it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: your intentions are pure, but they may have hesitancy to like provide that gateway right. So you need to offer up the right kind of assurances. Just be a reasonable person and put yourself into the partners shoes. Think about why you would say no to something like that versus why, you would say yes, and do your best to frame in an honest way with high integrity what your approach will be. And why.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But like you're gonna have to lay out what the benefits to them doing that would be like be because that's a sensitive thing to do to ask your partner to introduce you to the people that they serve.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and in in in in a way, we're already dealing with that in a smaller scale they own the larger clients. So I but I love, you know, framing in a way that we you know there's a benefit to them. You know, work to be their extra pair of hands. Actually discover, you know what their customer
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: jobs that they're trying to get solve because they're trying to solve it themselves through us. It's the first time in their his company history that they're kind of outsourcing, you know, some kind of service offering. So they're still trying to figure out. Forget it, figure it out themselves so we could partner in in doing that. So it it would make great a great opportunity.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and also to endear us to our partner. To be more you know, stronger channel. Yeah, you're gonna have to throw in the charm, Christy, but you've already got it, you know you you know how to show up and and get people to say yes, so just just turn it on.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Thank you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Art.
Arthur Fields: hey? What's going on? Everyone? Question you.
Arthur Fields: how important is the level like? Is there a level of importance when you're conducting your interview to whether it be with the decision maker or someone who's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maybe contributing to the person who makes the decisions. Yeah, II care about
Neal Sáles-Griffin: multiple different stakeholders, or both, in the example you just shared. So the reason that the the middle person is important is because you need usually, especially in the B 2 B context, to have a champion
Neal Sáles-Griffin: within the organization.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So to understand the needs of the champion as opposed to the needs of the decision maker. Those might be 2 different
Neal Sáles-Griffin: jobs. and you might have to appeal to both jobs at different points in time during the sales process. So yes.
Arthur Fields: you, do you? You need to talk to both. You want to have the the true understanding, and then I'm sorry there's a 2 part. I should set it up. And then also on top of that, there's like, we're putting together a list of clients slash individuals we will contact based off of our network. But some of them we know that they use
Arthur Fields: a similar tool. That's kind of it's in the competitive space of club, right? And then others is more going to be like a discovery call right? like I would love to know? Like how to set that up, you know, like the purpose of like, okay, like, it's easier said when we know that someone's actually using a competitor. Right? It's easier that sale. But it's an easier like we can generate our questions easier based off of what you've provided us the past few days. But when it comes to like the discovery, call to put with the individual that we may not know that what tool they're using like, how do we set that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: couple of things here one is that wouldn't.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: with the way you described it. Those individuals may not fit within the bucket of an actual jobs interview. That's like you said a discovery call. You're trying to feel out whether they might fit. So that's that's that's
Neal Sáles-Griffin: slightly different. However. I also said something else earlier, which is. they're doing something
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right, even if it's nothing, even if they're just tolerating their current situation without making progress. Or they're doing something that you're not aware of. So that discovery call might give you a hint. a new level of criteria. So for those of you that aren't quite sure who to talk to, because there's nothing clear specific yet that they're hiring. You may just want to have a conversation with them to understand their process, and what they're struggling with day to day within the domain of what you're trying to learn more about, and in doing so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: something might be revealed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that they do. That becomes a pattern. So one that's very common in B 2 B that I've already mentioned a few times is very often
Neal Sáles-Griffin: organizations hire people to do things that a lot of the times, tools that you all are building could actually do the job for
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so figure out who was hired, who came up with the job, who invented the role. and then what they were doing it, for in the first place, and that might backdoor you into knowing who to talk to and in what way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But it's le. It's more of a discovery category. So I would almost remove that from the jobs to be done. Analysis, does that answer your question? Art?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yup? Perfect. Thanks, thanks, man. Kevin.
Kevin: Yeah. Hi, Neil, Hi, everyone. So yeah, getting back to what you were talking about. Where? When you get to that demand level where it's so great that you're literally
Kevin: trying to see what Vc meeting you're gonna take next, which is obviously a very good problem to have. Once you've reached that point. My question is is that you know you can, in the jobs to be done.
Kevin: Go after those clients that let's say they went with somebody else. There was a competitor, and you can do those interviews and find out what it was. What were the reasons that they decided to go with that other person that has that other product.
Kevin: But then, on the other hand, there's also that interview that you can conduct where they didn't go with another product, and they just didn't do anything at all. And I know you were saying at 1 point that those aren't really your customers. My question is is that maybe it's because what you pitched to them was not resignating or was not creating a high enough demand to satisfy a need or a burning desire.
Kevin: And so if if we were to take it from that perspective and look at it like
Kevin: from the jobs to be done, of asking like, well, what was it of? Why, you decided not to do anything? You know what was the need there that you didn't make any kind of move at all. You didn't go with anybody else. You didn't go with us.
Kevin: and if you can figure out what that demand is that might even be more powerful, because then you've sort of created a huge, this spark with this demand, where men, if somebody has a competition or has a competitor at that point, they may leave that competitor because your product has such a demand and such a need. And you filled that gap.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: This is where the vitamin and painkiller analogy really comes to to bear, Kevin, because I think what you're alluding to is a vitamin, because
Neal Sáles-Griffin: someone who would benefit from what you're offering, but is not consuming anything. The problem isn't
Neal Sáles-Griffin: visceral enough for them to take action. So right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: it's more of a nice to have. and I'll use a morbid analogy healthcare. Each of us has something that we're not going to the doctor for.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: but we should in a proactive, preventative way.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So we're not addressing it until we have to address it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's that's a lot of people out there that you imagine as a customer of yours, but isn't quite ready yet to be your customer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's all I'll say there, like I like.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: maybe maybe I'm wrong, and maybe there's a nuance in in in your situation that we can unpack more directly, but like time and time again. What I hear from founders is this wishful thought that they're not consuming anything. What we offer is completely unique. No one's done what we've done before, and once they know what it is in the right way, they'll sign up for it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I'm like, Hmm!
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That is usually a fool's errand. There's probably demand we need to uncover from someone who is literally trying to make progress and willing to spend money to make progress.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: They just haven't found the right answer yet, but they're demonstrating other efforts to make progress regardless.
Kevin: Yeah, and that. And that's why that's why I'm saying that I think that that jobs to be done. Interview is almost the most crucial finding out. You know, those people that aren't buying. And what is it that maybe they're not going with a competitor buying anything. No, but what are they tolerating by not buying anything? Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So that's that's the that's the question. Right? So I'm not asking you now, like we'll figure it out. But like they're tolerating something.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because there's literally nothing good enough. Right? That's a date that's a hard group to appeal to.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But good luck, I'll help you
Kevin: successfully.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: All right. Samara.
Samarth Gupta: Yeah. Hey? Good afternoon, Neil.
Samarth Gupta: So I think I get the jobs to be done. Framework. It makes a lot of sense. One thing that I'm struggling with, though, is defining the customer persona. Exactly.
Samarth Gupta: So let me give some background so initially, we were focused on commercial real estate lawyers.
Samarth Gupta: Because we based on our research, we found that Cra contracts
Samarth Gupta: you know, would benefit greatly from the kind of AI tool we were creating.
Samarth Gupta: But we also know that
Samarth Gupta: every kind of contracts lawyer out there would benefit from our tool. So as we're doing our jobs to be done interviews. Should we kind of pigeonhole our persona into just cr lawyers at the moment?
Samarth Gupta: Or should we kind of target the broader generalist
Samarth Gupta: contract tech lawyer.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I want to remove the notion of a persona from your vocabulary. First of all.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because we're not even trying to use anything like a persona at this phase. and instead, what we're trying to do is kind of what I have rendered here, which is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and rather than a category of a bucket that someone fits. It's a situation that they struggled through recently, or an action that they took to make progress
Neal Sáles-Griffin: very, very simply stated
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so not a persona, not a category, not a characteristic of who they are or what they're doing, but an action that they recently took to make progress through a struggling moment that fits into the into the the needs that you're trying to fulfill through your product.
Samarth Gupta: Gotcha, do do all those just like jumbled words make sense. I know I'm saying it in an abstract way. So I hope what I'm saying, okay.
Lilliana Robinson: that is huge. I think a lot of you on this call are gonna need to challenge your like preconceived beliefs just like smart. So
Lilliana Robinson: another thing, some, Martha I would challenge you on is it sounds like
Lilliana Robinson: you have a product that you know could be helpful. And you're searching for an audience to serve it, to which is A/C absolutely the opposite of what we want you to get at. So I might even ask you to like pause on trying to research to find a potential Icp that would benefit from your product and rather
Lilliana Robinson: start from the ground up in this way, and I promise it'll yield a lot more results from the way that product searching for a customer versus customer searching for a product.
Samarth Gupta: Yeah, no, I think that makes sense. I mean, we we do
Samarth Gupta: We have identified situations with for Cra lawy lawyers. I guess
Samarth Gupta: I'm not going to classify that as a persona. But that situation. So I guess. Yeah, I mean, I guess what you guys are saying makes sense. It's identify the situation. And then the action that in this case somebody would take
Samarth Gupta: and that pain point that comes about in order to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, everybody. So yeah, you're gonna yeah, like, I'll I will never release my grip on that approach like it will be, I will. I will bore you to death with repeating that.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So.
Samarth Gupta: Gotcha, I'm here for it, though. Yeah, no problem. Yeah, thank you. Guys.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: great. All right. Any other questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: We're good. Wow! We did it alright. So we got plenty of time left.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Best to do it. Live if you, if you know, you know
Neal Sáles-Griffin: who struggled to purchase something recently.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, and tell me, tell me, like when I say struggled to purchase.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you have to tell me that you you purchased it, and you need to tell me how much you paid.
Valeria Brenner: I could. I could go on this. Yeah, I literally yesterday, and like earlier today was struggling to purchase the flight tickets out to Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And how much?
Valeria Brenner: I paid $505 for 2 tickets
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for 2 tickets
Valeria Brenner: like total
Neal Sáles-Griffin: good job. Alright, that's actually pretty good. Alright cool. I need more. So II need a whole menu of of purchases. So I got hilarious. $505, 2 flight tickets to Oakland.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: or are you flying into San Francisco?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: San Francisco got it? Okay? Oakland has an airport, too, but no, but tickets were so much more expensive. Yeah, yeah, I got you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Who else shovel to purchase something recently?
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): I got a lot of lot of purchases recently. Yeah, but give me one.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): Yeah, I think the most, the the most high value one II leased the car.
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): For for Oakland. Primarily. We needed in the family. But II needed. We needed a second car, and it's a perfect time, because we'll need it. You bought a car over there. Yeah, we leased it. It's kind of the same.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, I get it. Okay, how much?
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): A down payment was 2,500,
Mircea Gogoncea (Cicada): and the monthly payment is 3, 50, more or less. 3 50. Okay, got it. And you still have the other. The first car. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright, that's good. What kind of car, is it?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It's a 2024 Mazda. I know that car. Alright cool, very cool, that's good one alright. Give me some more.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: No one's struggling all just like spending all the money we already put in your bank account on everything you all good.
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: Recently I had to find a car insurance for my partner, who's a new driver, and it's super hard to get a car company to agree to take them on, especially for a price. That's sort of reasonable. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's been a challenge. So so did you sign up for insurance. We did end up signing an insurance, but it was like
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: 10 days of struggling and getting refused left and right until we found the company that will take us over for not a small premium.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How much
Dotan Shalev/Lexir: as about €180 a month or car insurance. Yeah, that's steep
Neal Sáles-Griffin: art.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You're unmuted. Alright, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: no, okay, no. He's like it all. Never mind, Allie.
Ale - AWEAR: yeah, slightly different. Not a car but II recently struggled to make a decision to purchase a membership in a social club.
Ale - AWEAR: To, you know, spend network and just get out of my comfort zone. And it was Pricey. So it was a little bit of a struggle.
Ale - AWEAR: It's $2,800
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like total or some annual. So 2,000 annually. And you signed up for it. And you paid. I did. Yeah.
Ale - AWEAR: And
Ale - AWEAR: and and and yeah, I
Ale - AWEAR: went through the competitors and, like, you know, different alternatives. And
Ale - AWEAR: couple of months ago, couple of months ago, you you paid almost 3 grand for a social club.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm not judging it like this to be clear, like, I am a founding member of Soho House, Chicago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: yeah, that's that's yeah. I mean. But but again, that that speaks of the circumstances of certain, you know. Okay, alright, that's a good one, mark
Mark Kirzhner: about the standing desk.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And this thing I can bounce around. You struggled to buy a standing desk and a balance board.
Neal Sáles-Griffin:  struggling because of either options. Consider taking the action.
Mark Kirzhner: and
Mark Kirzhner: it. It was because of the some big problems. I didn't know how to solve it, solve them. So II went through all the direction, all the directions I could.
Mark Kirzhner: I bought the new mattress. So back to the might Metrus thing. And I bought those 2 things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: How's your back? Oh.
Mark Kirzhner: much better.
Mark Kirzhner: It's much better. Okay, alright, I like that. When you buy the mattress.
Mark Kirzhner: When did you get the mattress? Sorry it was maybe 3 months ago.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: something like this? Yeah. Should we do a should we do a redux? Should we do another mattress interview? Alright, David.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: this is fun. I like hearing what people are spending money on it.
David Akinyemi (he/him): Yeah, small purchase but took me almost a year to make was a new pair of black boots. Just like classy
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 2, 20, ish, $2020. Okay? I wouldn't say that's a small purchase. That's that's legit $220 for some boots
Neal Sáles-Griffin: that's like a, you know, buy it for life type of thing. Right?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I got you okay. And then why like, why could you? How could you afford to wait a year to buy new boots?
It was like factors of.
David Akinyemi (he/him): do I really need them?
David Akinyemi (he/him): Is this price really worth it? Is it on? Is it gonna be on sale anytime soon. Kind of thing
David Akinyemi (he/him):  and so that was like the concept like back and forth. And then I would use kinda holidays to be like, or it's Christmas. It's your birthday you just got a bonus. So did you treat yourself for some reason like you got in text hours. And then you ambassador new boots, or like what? What happened?
David Akinyemi (he/him): Almost, it was kind of like.
David Akinyemi (he/him): II almost saw that the boots as like, okay, a step away from sneakers in terms of professionalism. And I was like, Okay, now, I kind of have
David Akinyemi (he/him): some some reason to kind of purchase these boots in terms of
David Akinyemi (he/him): changing persona. I guess
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I got you. I got you alright. That's good. I like black boots. So hill.
Sahil Patel: Yeah, we were struggling with which firm to use to do our taxes. This one firm came, highly recommended from all of our partners, but they were
Sahil Patel: a little bit more than all of the money that we spend in 2023. So it just didn't really seem to make sense for us at the time.
Sahil Patel: So we found another firm that other taxes and gives us bookkeeping and other stuff. But they're not specific.
Sahil Patel: 2,500,
Neal Sáles-Griffin: for like an instance, or what kind of commitment is the 2,500?
Sahil Patel: Yeah, they. We can go to them with any questions they give us the bookkeeping software. They'll do the taxes this year? So
Sahil Patel: yeah. Still, a good offering, but just not Fintech specific.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it? Got it? Alright interesting, all right. A few more, Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: My purchase was very cheap, but yet it was a tough choice. It was a $50 drone for my girlfriend's kids birthday.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: and I didn't realize how many options are. Today's for drones. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so you struggled to purchase something for someone else. But you knew you needed to get one.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: I wanted to get one that was like the best quality, you know, like some one I found was only for adp camera, and then I found for 10 adp the same price, you know, and and so all, all the all the features
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: all the all the different features for the drone. Yeah, but it was like a Chris, birthday gift? It was not for me
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right right right, but the expectation was that you would buy a drone.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: The association was, I would buy a drone, and and I want I want him to be happy, too, and content of the gifts. Yeah. So it was high stakes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Oh, it's good, that's good. I like that. These are all interesting, and we're unpacking, by the way, so apologies to
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all the people I can't decide on. But we're we'll get there. We got a few more left snow.
Snow Lee / Runbear: Actually, my case is similar with the Sahel. So recently I needed to to pay Delaware franchise tax.
Snow Lee / Runbear: and I'm getting help from the service name Doula, and they told me that I need to pay 400 $450 for the franchise tax.
Snow Lee / Runbear: But we didn't I? We didn't earn that money last year, so I was curious about if it is, the coast is for the Delaware, or do I pay for it to do? Dolan? So that kind of struggles I had.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I will say, with all of these examples, I'm proud of you all, because one of the most like common
Neal Sáles-Griffin: indicators of successful founders at the early stage is frugality.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So the fact that you all are being cautious about your dollars and how you're spending them makes me proud. So good on you.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright. J. Lo.
J.Loh | Travaras: okay, this one's a doozy.
J.Loh | Travaras: So we had legal counsel. That was a friend of a friend.
J.Loh | Travaras: basically try to be frugal. But they just weren't cutting it. They weren't doing great and when I recently went through a co-founder
J.Loh | Travaras: divorce. And now and that heard that legal counsel was their friend. So it was like the decision to stay with our legal counsel.
J.Loh | Travaras: and just assume that they're going to like, do the right thing by Travirus, or find new legal counsel
J.Loh | Travaras: and just kind of like. accept the sunk cost
J.Loh | Travaras: of what we paid for the retainer. And so then we ended up
J.Loh | Travaras: making the decision to find new legal counsel, and we looked at a number of different options.
J.Loh | Travaras: So there's a lot of pushes and polls
J.Loh | Travaras: like, do I stay because I wanna be loyal because it's like conflict of interest? Or do I stay because we're poor, and we don't have any money. So all the things and so then we ended up going with a legal counsel.
J.Loh | Travaras: Called Velowad, and they're amazing like they just it was a third party. They were new, much
J.Loh | Travaras: 2,500 retainer. and then their rates were like a third. The cost of the ones that we found in. Sf.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay. And things are going well. So far.
J.Loh | Travaras: really good. Everything due diligence is almost done. Alright nice! Alright! It's a doozy, but it's also happy ending at least so far right? Cause we have these incredible new co-founders here. So yeah, good. Very good. Alright. I like that. Fabian.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Hey? Everyone
Fabien | Positive Finance: that's December. I finally like, Replace my 10 years old. Mic. Book pro?
Fabien | Positive Finance: Are you a new one.
Fabien | Positive Finance: and I think was because of habits of the I struggle like keeping my 10 years old.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Macbook pro. But he was actually affecting my productivity. There was no more speakers which is not very convenient for calls, and and so on. but somehow it took me a
Neal Sáles-Griffin: sometime to to do it. When did? When did you buy the new computer
Fabien | Positive Finance: in December
Neal Sáles-Griffin: in December.
Fabien | Positive Finance: like and street?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I bet there was something that happened that triggered you to buy.
Fabien | Positive Finance:  I mean waiting for the latest modern. That was a trigger, and that was the latest moment.
Fabien | Positive Finance: So the latest like book pro release industry. It came out. And then you bought it right away. almost yeah. Few weeks later.
Fabien | Positive Finance: Alright, I replace my iphone 7 via iphone 15 pro at the same time. So lots of
Fabien | Positive Finance: replacement.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: all right last one, Christie.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: So I share with Fabian. I recently got the latest iphone.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and the struggle was I had my phone stolen twice.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: and so the second time it happened, I just end up borrowing my sister's very old iphone. Iphone 10, and II was pretty happy with it. But II figure
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: you know, when I'm it just didn't have enough memory that I was struggling with. Like.
Christy Serrato | PairAnything: Personally, I was fine with it, but it's all the things that I was relying on on things of the like taking pictures. Doing zoom calls. It wasn't serving my needs anymore. But II was kind of struggling with like, oh, that's a big expense. And then what if I lose it again?
Christy Serrato | PairAnything:  So that was my main struggle. But I figured I deserve it, and there's always insurance.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what's what's fascinating with all these? Thank you for sharing Christy with all these examples. Is that what I would implore each of you to do is, if you have co-founders, at least on your team.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you should have them interview you about the purchase. So whichever ones I don't choose like. It's a great way to practice is to talk to someone else about what that purchase was about, and see if you can apply these techniques, because every what you're hearing from some of the folks that are describing these purchases is that they think they know
Neal Sáles-Griffin: why they bought it and what drove them to do it. They're using jobs language to go. I struggle with this or my habits or this test those assumptions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I think I know which one we're going to do. Live right now. Allie. I need to know what's up with this $2,800 social club.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Let's do it. You are on the hot seat like, let's get into this like you, I'm gonna PIN you. We are. Gonna make this happen
Ale - AWEAR: alright. Do you just want insights for your Soho club? I mean, you can interview me. No, no, II look. I
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm probably similar to you in that, like, I'm keeping it reluctantly. I'm keeping my membership reluctant. I don't even go there
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like it. It means more to tell people I'm in it than anything else. That being said, maybe I'm wrong, like you may need to interview me to figure out what I actually meant by that. Who knows? Yeah, that's right. That's right. So alright. So Liliana and I are going to do this. Okay, so we are.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know, I'm Neil. This is Liliana. Thank you for taking the time we know you recently signed up for the Social Club. What was it called
Ale - AWEAR: the Battery?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: The bat. I know the battery that's in San Francisco. Right? Okay, yeah. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: very cool. We'd love to get to know you better and find more people like yourselves, and also like, is it okay? If we record this?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yes, please, great alright, we'll keep it to ourselves. It's only for research purposes. And, by the way, just so, you know, like all due respect, there's a chance that I might interject from time to time, just to respect your time and make sure that we're on the same page. And we also might ask a lot of really like very detailed
Neal Sáles-Griffin: specific questions. So just think of it like we're, you know, writing the script for a documentary, if you will, and we're trying to make sure that we have all of the details. Right? So forgive us if we, you know, become overly specific with how we ask our questions.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Cool.
Ale - AWEAR: perfect, great, all right. So tell us when you signed up for the battery.
Ale - AWEAR: I signed up beginning
Ale - AWEAR: the first days of January. I can't remember the exact date, but early January early January. Okay? And then if I recall correctly, you said you you paid. Was it 2,800 for an annual membership?
Ale - AWEAR: Did you have to pay it all upfront. Yes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: okay. Got it. Okay, that's really helpful. So and and remind me, like, W. Where do you live?
Ale - AWEAR: I live in San Francisco. I live in the mission. Okay? So you live in San Francisco, and you live in the Mission, and this place called the Battery from my understanding it's a social club of some kind. Right? It is. Yeah. They they they present themselves as a social club.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And and have you been a part of another social club before this.
Ale - AWEAR: Oh, I have not. I've been guests, you know. II used to live in Miami in the past, so I was familiar with Soho, and one hotel, so there's there's many there. But I haven't been a bedroom myself.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it? And then how long have you been living in San Francisco
Ale - AWEAR: 6 years now
Neal Sáles-Griffin: 6 years, and in your 6 years in San Francisco you haven't been a part of a social club.
Ale - AWEAR: No, I have not.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Have you visited a social club like the Battery?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Initf? I have been once to the Battery, but I haven't been, you know, walking around social clubs here. Can you remember when that was like the one the one time that you went?
Ale - AWEAR: Yes, I think it was around September last year.
Ale - AWEAR: and III liked it. I mean, I thought it was. I thought it was nice the people I was with were nice and a lot of conversations just prompted so kind of like I felt it felt like a good experience.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: It was a good experience. But I mean.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: let's just be honest. 3. Grand's a lot of money.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what? What?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know? What? What makes it worth it for you?
Ale - AWEAR: So at at at the time. A. What what happened last year was
Ale - AWEAR: for? Well, for the last few years I've been working a lot, consumed by a lot of work, and I was relying on my existing social network here in Sf, so I didn't put a lot of effort in growing that I put an effort on keeping my friends, and, you know, like, have my social life be
Ale - AWEAR: it's it's important for me. But but I was kind of like taking it for granted. And what happened in the last year is that a lot of my friends have moved out of town and kind of like changed a little bit their lives, and so
Ale - AWEAR: I thought, well, the the appetite to stay in the city is is not as high as it was before. And if I'm gonna be all consumed by work, and I wanna take on, you know, more responsibility and and things that take my time, I need to find a way to keep my social life alive. And and because I care so much about that, I thought that the value that it was offering kind of like, you know.
Ale - AWEAR: compensated the cost and was worth a try for a year.
Ale - AWEAR: So that was a little bit how I thought about it.
Lilliana Robinson: Yeah, tell me more about why ha! Like keeping your social life up is, as you said, the most important to you.
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah, I'm I'm an extrovert, and I I've lived in many places in my life like I've moved around and I live far from my my family. My family are mostly in Spain, Dubai, Argentina, and so
Ale - AWEAR: to me, building building a community around me, keeping that alive, being part of all the people's life, and the other way around keeps me grounded, and so II need a place to come back home, you know, and and that's why it's it's very important to me. II every day need to have a social interaction that is meaningful. And and that means anything you know, like it doesn't need to be special, but it it gives me a lot of energy and and keeps me grounded here.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So, before signing up in January for the battery, you visited it in September, but it says you just said that every day you need some sort of interaction socially.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So what have you been doing to scratch the social itch before signing up.
Ale - AWEAR: I mean, I keep friends. It's not like all my friends are gone. II am I'm I'm working quite a bit unaware. So I have a lot of social interaction with my co-founder. But on top of that, I mean, I still have my my social network. Here is just a matter of
Ale - AWEAR: expanding it. And and getting to know also different type of people.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: That that can be interesting also, for the moment, professionally, I'm going through this, because on one side I've heard from you that you've had friends who've left, and you want to keep that social thing going on the other side. I'm hearing that you're working on a business.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and that there seems to be a a desire for like networking from a business context. So are we talking about? Both one or the other? Is one more important?
Ale - AWEAR: That's a very good question. Now that I you're you're making me think about it because the battery presents themselves as a social club. But the reality is that the the
Ale - AWEAR: perception of the battery is that it's a good networking
Ale - AWEAR: place. And and so I. When I thought about it, I thought about those 2 angles. I thought, Hey, this is great, because 1 one decision making point for me was the fact that they are opening up a working space.
Ale - AWEAR: And so I can, I can, you know, go there, work from there, and I can still be working on my network at the same time. And that may lead to things that I'm not thinking of now. So you're right. It's it's 2 things.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay, got it. So it's it's both factors. So that's helpful to hear. Now.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: did you make this decision all by yourself?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Or are there other people involved in helping you think through whether this was a good call.
Ale - AWEAR: Yes, I did discuss these with many people. Because II mean, it's it's a commitment, and you know as much as I'm social. I don't like to commit my time a lot but I thought about it, as you know I'm gonna commit my time because I need to, you know, have a return. So I need to spend time there. I talked to my friends and I talked to my family about it.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and I talked about both these things, you know, like the expansion in terms of so socializing and potential opportunities that make count present themselves from professional standpoint, and 100 people said, yes, in December. Do you talk to everybody then, or was it sometime in January.
Ale - AWEAR:  I think over Christmas. I discussed it with my family cause I was in Spain. And then dinner table, or was there someone you had a conversation with directly.
Ale - AWEAR: So no, no, no, not so serious as dinner table. But I talked to my mom a lot, and my sister is in Dubai, so she also is a member in social clubs. And and so II discuss it with them informally.
Ale - AWEAR: With my friends. I did talk through like from September on until January, like last minute. I wasn't like they were on the phone last minute. Okay, at the last minute. Tell me. What do you mean by the last minute like before you were deciding in January?
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah, because at the end of day, you know the real time, the real moment is when you need to. Give them your credit card number. Right?
Ale - AWEAR: So
Ale - AWEAR: even pull up the website in January, you pull up the website. And you're like, all right, my new user resolution is to be in a social club or like what's going on. It's a process. It's a process, you need to. You need to have a referral. So you can't just apply. Somebody needs to endorse you and refer you. And that's when you can fill in an application. And then, you know, there's a
Ale - AWEAR: there's an an interview in one
Ale - AWEAR: interview, and and that's when ultimately they open the door to signing up.
Ale - AWEAR: So it's a process. And throughout that process you get excited because they show you nice things. And you have this conversation with your friends, and you're projecting what it will be. But the last minute is when they say, Hey, you've been accepted. Now you need to give us your money.
Ale - AWEAR: So that's that's the last minute to, you know. Just change your mind. Who offered up the referral for you
Ale - AWEAR: a former colleague.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and when did you ask them for the referral.
Ale - AWEAR: January.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? So so you went from Referral to closing fairly quickly.
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it was like a week and a half or so
Neal Sáles-Griffin: so when you reached out to your friend in early January. like
Ale - AWEAR: the ask was, Hey, I'm ready to to to sign up for the battery. Will you refer to me? Or yes, and good good question, because I didn't. I didn't explain you the timeline accurately enough. You can fill in your application at any point in time, but they only get to see when you have a referral. So I filled in my application early on like when I started thinking about it. And I was like, Okay, let's fill in. The application
Ale - AWEAR: was probably
Ale - AWEAR: October, November. Oh, November. You filled out the application. But you kind of sat on it.
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah, exactly. And then, January, I was like, I think I'm gonna do this. Let's let's go with it. And I asked for the endorsement, and then everything follows through very quickly. After that.
Lilliana Robinson: what was special about January? Why didn't you ask for the endorsement after you fill out the application. Was it because you had come back from seeing all your family
Ale - AWEAR: cause? II traveled for a month to Spain, so I wasn't going to be here. And I thought, You know, this is, you know. Let's start it within a year. I don't know psychological trick of the New year.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So did you call your friend? Or did you email them or text them?
Ale - AWEAR: I I texted him, we we were gonna meet. And then I suggested that we meet in the battery, and until we have launching over lunch. I asked him.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it. So you went to the battery.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: and your plan was to ask, and
Ale - AWEAR: well, we we have other things to discuss. But yeah, in the back of my my head. I thought, Well, you know, if
Ale - AWEAR: if this goes well, I'll ask him. If not, you know, I'll find someone else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So okay, so you weren't. But your your intention was to ask him at at okay. Understood? That's great. All right. So
Neal Sáles-Griffin: given that. Do you have any other friends who are at the Battery?
Ale - AWEAR: I have mostly friends of friends. Who are in the battery.
Ale - AWEAR: Okay? Cause again. I had friends who were in the battery before, but they have left the city.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah. So you said, friends have left so up till that point, though, like you could meet with your friend at the Battery, you had friends of friends that were there and then on the work side. I'm I'm I'm not quite clear on like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: like, where were you working before you working from home, or were you? Did you have another Co working space you were working out of?
Ale - AWEAR: No, I was working from home.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Okay? And and and is that still going. Well, are you spending time at the battery in home? Or.
Ale - AWEAR: yeah, III try to make it a couple of days a week. There. I'm not always. you know, breaking habits is difficult as we've been discussing. So sometimes I get like all the calls get in the way of me going there, but I'm I'm trying to be there twice a week, either for work
Ale - AWEAR: or meeting co-workers as well. You know that are downtown, and so we can meet there. It's convenient.
Ale - AWEAR: or either, for drinks at night. That's the social element of it, too.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Got it? And then we'll go game off in a second, Liliana. But my other question is.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: was there anything else that you considered?
Ale - AWEAR:  yeah. So I think in the back of my head. There was a lot of like I've been in the city for 6 years, and what else is in the city that I haven't explored, you know, like
Ale - AWEAR: is is gonna help. Also. I mean, there's a lot of events, and there's a lot of different people that you can meet there. So I guess I was thinking of
Ale - AWEAR: these as an opportunity to squeeze a little bit more out of my experience in a set. Also thinking, you know, like in the years ahead.
Ale - AWEAR:  is, is this still going to be the city where I stay, or do I move out? So I wanted to give it a try to
just bring a little bit of shine to the city after 6 years
Neal Sáles-Griffin: they shine. Oh, sorry, Lilian.
Lilliana Robinson: just one final question before we go game off.
Lilliana Robinson: When you were putting in your credit card. Info. You said that you felt anxious at the end, although you had been so excited about it the whole time. So what happened at the end? And if you can remember where you were like, were you at home. And was this during the workday? I just wanna understand that moment when you put in your credit card.
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah,
Ale - AWEAR: I
Ale - AWEAR: I was at home. I think I, for sure, was at home. And I think Neil said it earlier, you know. As a founder you need to be lean on your expenses, and this is not a good example of that.
Ale - AWEAR: So a lot of my anxiety was coming from there. You know, it's like, Am I gonna regret this like is is quote unquote, investing on myself and on this aspect of my life the right move at this moment.
Ale - AWEAR: or or should I just be preparing for the winter. So that was a lot of my anxiety. Just
Ale - AWEAR: making sure that I wasn't making a mistake.
Ale - AWEAR: But I think that I can't remember quite well what was the last thought that crossed my head.
Ale - AWEAR: But at the end of the day he thought.
Ale - AWEAR: Yeah, I was alone at home I was alone at home. I was, I think I mentioned that I talked to a friend that was chatting, and I was like, Hey guys, I'm gonna do this, are you sure? And they were like, yeah, absolutely is gonna be the best. And we we wanna go with you like, you know, if if we like it, we're joining you next year. So so it was like a large group text.
Ale - AWEAR: oh, yeah, I mean, I
Ale - AWEAR: yeah, what? Whatsapp? Well, in this case was a couple. So not all super large group, my friends, Jesse and Solanch. Oh, okay. So Jesse and Solange were the 2 friends that you spoke to about it. Yes, yes, yes, okay. And and both of them want to sign up.
Ale - AWEAR: Oh, yeah, they're excited. They're excited. Yeah, Jesse is very social and and so he's he's excited about joining me every other time. And
Ale - AWEAR: I mean, they said they would consider it. Whether there's any water on that on that or not. I'm I'm not sure yet. The deal is, they will pay the drinks when we go there. So there you go.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: you know, membership base for itself. Almost. That's great. Alright. So let's go game off. There's more to do but like let's give Ali a round of applause. That was that was awesome. Mini debrief. So like we didn't get into like as much as we could there. But a couple of things I would love to hear from the room what you heard, what you didn't hear, what you would have asked, what you still like to clarify, and maybe what some of the forces were.
Lilliana Robinson: And remember, this was 15 min. So that was about half of what you all will do. Yours will be like 25 to 30 min. So that was pretty much halfway, and we could have gotten kind of 2 times the amount. So I'm also curious what you would have also wanted to dig into if we extended it.
Valeria Brenner: I guess I found it interesting. How she mentioned, like the membership kind of pays for itself. If her friends are buying drinks like the the ending note they're kind of stood out to me like the rationale behind that. And so you kind of like dig in deeper on that on like how she, I guess, values things cause have you heard of like girl math? Almost.
Valeria Brenner: That's kind of what was reminiscent of, and so I'd love to kind of dig into that and see like where the value then becomes like
Neal Sáles-Griffin: on par. I guess it was just about to get good. It was just about to get good, like we were right there on the cusp of like. -Oh! Wait! There's more going on here, Jesse and Salon, like I wanna get to know them what's happening here with the socializing. So there was a lot more to unpack right at the end. There, I agree with you. Yeah, we're getting good. So it does take, like, probably like 10 to 15 to really like find the story and figure out the energy points. And then you are like, oh.
Lilliana Robinson: that's why it's so good to be on a phone call, because if that was me and Neil. We can even be in different places. We could all be on a phone call, mute it. and have a phone call on a separate line. Have a zoom where you're talking to each other, or be in the same room, and you can talk so a lot of the time we'll meet it. And if we're in the same room or on a separate call, oh, like, ask about the friends like something like that cause, then you can have this background discussion.
Lilliana Robinson: Fabian.
Fabien | Positive Finance: yeah. Ending. Ending not, I think, also was a was a good one also, when there was that where shine. And like, I think like during a little bit more on social versus business cause, it wasn't not entirely clear. And so I think, like
Fabien | Positive Finance: digging a little bit more on those 2.
Fabien | Positive Finance: I think that could reveal even more. And then elite prestige stuff. I think there was more there to unpack.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Great Kelvin.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: Yeah, that was a very nice interview, I think. One of the things that's to doubt, which I believe we could have just explode a little bit more is some of the one of things that is more like a push.
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: The money she paid, besides just the drinks, making it pay for itself. The fact that it also serves as a cool work in space.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Kind of just exploring that angle a bit might, you know, because if you're paying fake spaces like the 2. It is like being from office. Space
Kelvin Alaneme - LocumDoc: makes sense. So in a way, I think that would have been that was one of the pushes. That
Lilliana Robinson: that is so good, Kelvin, that was actually something I was gonna ask like, did you pay for this with your business money? Cause that kind of changes it completely.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Ally, did you?
Ale - AWEAR: I? Ii consider one of the things that made me make the decision was the Co working space for sure, and I thought that I could write off at least from a tax perspective. These being a business investment.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Alright cool.
Lilliana Robinson: good job, Kelvin.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Brian Brian.
Brian | Circle+: Mine is just to cite an observation. I'm just very fascinated by from the time she had the first thought to the point where she made the purchase.
Brian | Circle+: She was very indecisive, you know, so it kinda gives you a lot of appreciation when a customer actually makes a purchase because of so many opportunities, or call them pulls and anxieties together not to make the actual purchase. So I find that very, very intriguing. Yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And I would go so far to say, Brian, that we're not even sure when the first start was. I don't think we got to that yet.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: because I know she visited the Va, the the battery in September. But I'm guessing that there were other inputs and other things that happened. Yup.
Ale - AWEAR: yeah, you're right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, more there, mark.
Mark Kirzhner: So I wonder social club is something that they shouldn't scale infinitely like it's not like start out or mattresses that you want to sell as much as you can.
Mark Kirzhner: You got limited amount of space for limited amount of people. So I wonder, how can we apply this specific situation to our startup?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, well, you're not appealing to everybody right now. There's certain customers that you want more than anyone else.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: So figuring out how to understand them and appeal to them is what this is about.
Lilliana Robinson: I'll get more into that in the workshop. But you're going to be surprised. We're not. We're not going after the whole market like Neil, said
Neal Sáles-Griffin: -
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Antonio.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: Observation, a question. The observation is the way you ask questions. You know, kind of unveiled things that she wasn't unaware like first like. First, she said, it's for social. And then she realized, actually is also for business.
Antonio Forenza - AWEAR, Med: And so II think it was. Interesting observation there on how how to ask questions and and be open to new possibilities in the interview.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: And then the one technical question I had. I noticed both you and Liliana. But asking question, is this something that we can do also in our interview? Yes, and and one is is driving. So I was like more the driver, Liliana, would be the one taking more of the notes and identifying what the gaps are and filling in those gaps as we're going
Neal Sáles-Griffin: absolutely.
Lilliana Robinson: and it's up to you, cause I like pre like. Personally, I like being described and not saying as much and like being with the other person and giving them hints so that it's a lot more coming from the driver, and then you only interject if there's like a burning question that is a gap. But then we just kinda did a lot more balance, a lot more. How you heard in the mattress interview where there were 2 people asking
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Matthew.
Matthieu Bonnard: hey? That was really fun. I thought. I don't know if I'm I'm wrong, but I thought that Ali, you emotionally wanted to join a club. and at first you had rational reasons not to do not to do that.
Matthieu Bonnard: and the the most of the process was actually to find rational reasons, to eventually make the jump and and and join.
Matthieu Bonnard: So to me there was a almost like a conflict between the emotional part of the decision and the rational part of the decision.
Ale - AWEAR: II love that. You say that because I was thinking that I wanted to make that comment in the end. I think I build a rationale to do it
Ale - AWEAR: or or rather not to do it, but not not to do it.
Ale - AWEAR: But it was an emotional decision like that, and that that last second about like putting the money was about me was not about the working space and everything else that definitely help.
Ale - AWEAR: you know balance the the pushbacks.
Ale - AWEAR: But it was an emotional decision. So I think you're you're absolutely right.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Pardo.
Pardo Walter: Hey? Everyone! Great interview. Just one thing that stood up for me early on was that she mentioned her friends had been moving out, so I think that atrophy and her peer group would like to more like primal pole, and wanting to continue to reinforce her peer group and build more resilient relationships that aren't going to atrophy over time. And that seemed to be more of a primal pull towards the at least. To me it stood eyes
Pardo Walter: being social creatures, something that
Neal Sáles-Griffin: huh! Let's do it out. Based off the jobs to be done. Interview work? Oh, yeah, loud and proud. I am an extrovert. Yeah, I'm a social person.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: You know what I mean. That was clear.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: Yeah, you could feel it. So shoot. I just stood out to me as it being a push. Actually, yeah, yeah.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: David.
David Akinyemi (he/him): yeah, question actually for you, Neil? And so when interview started and she mentioned the battery you kinda were like, Oh, I know the battery
David Akinyemi (he/him): and me personally, I also live in San Francisco. I'm familiar with the battery, been there a couple of times, and so I kind of had this preconceived notion in my head.
David Akinyemi (he/him): and I was curious.
David Akinyemi (he/him): just I know you said you knew, and I was wondering like, did you have any preconceived notions? And how did you?
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I guess, combat that to have an open slate and like, use that on your questioning to make sure you're learning about the experience. Yeah, I did that to build rapport with Ali as if I did not know her. And I was trying to say, Okay, yeah. The battery, like I'm familiar. What I should have done in addition to that, David, what you're calling out is, ask Ali to explain to me what the battery is
Neal Sáles-Griffin: right. I should have done that. I didn't do that. But I was like more about the social kind of dynamic thing there, and that kind of thing. So you build rapport at the same time. You also need to play dumb. So I'm glad you called that out, Liliana. I know you have a sharp 12, so I can handle it from here. Folks want to stick around, but obviously you should call it a time. But I'm happy to answer more questions with a few more minutes.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: But you learned enough about jobs to feel like you're signing up for the right thing, so we'll make it worth your while next week, too. But anything else you want to say before you leave
Lilliana Robinson: no, that was great, and thank you, Ally, again for being our interviewee. I'll see you guys tomorrow morning for base camp. I can't wait. Talk to you guys later.
Ale - AWEAR: Thank you. Bye.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I love being on time. I love the timeliness. This is fun.
Neal Sáles-Griffin: I'm still here. Bonus time. Who needs it?
Dan Ponomarenko: Annual?
Dan Ponomarenko: Yeah. Yeah. One question. II know it's very easy to interview a extroverts, you know, because.